hi everyone it's holly and i am a posted
in awhile on youtube and i'm really
sorry about that but i just happened to
be able to edit my videos as black top
that i've been using to edit on has
stuck up so i haven't been able to edit
and really sorry about that but i
thought that i would start off with a
new video and i'm going to edit on my
phone so sorry the editing isn't that
great but I let's get into it this is my
etsy shop up to date I'll put the link
in the bar if you are interested in
buying you these and these this is what
i have on currently and i'm planning on
adding more if you follow me on
instagram it's parcel charms TV just
seems on here yes I love you would have
seen these plant a chance on Instagram I
post them quite a bit and I really
started erasing them so much but anyway
he they are so I've got these like once
which were sort of the original ones
and so I've got three of these so these
three peach ones for sale and they all
come with a little lobster clasp so that
you can attach these to pretty much
anything you want like pencil cases bags
lastly I've got them in the parliament
I'm thinking of extending the color
range that I have of these so if you
have any colors you would like to see
these in just let me know in the
comments and I'll see what I can do I'll
do dust bugs sorry I have more planners
but yes so I have these planar dust bugs
in like I only have to roll the other
ones I've already been bought next I
have these page one
lastly I just have these midlands the
next ones i have in the dust log section
are these little teddy bears with glue
features blue I sports actually and
hipper they're pretty tiny to they're
pretty good sized hang off your phone
yep I only have three of these left the
sale as well next I have the same ones
but in the rose quartz or pink sort of
color and I have four of these lips all
of these dust plugs are all compatible
with any iPhone or any samsung phone
that you have they will fit perfectly in
those also plug through these other dust
plugs that I have and the little
presents tamum no Kara don't know how to
pronounce them I put the word along here
somewhere and they're just in the mint
to color I also have the same lines but
is the color peach and these are also
compatible with any iPhone or any sense
i'm from you have next I have all these
diamond charms but these are just simple
eye pins at the moment but i will be
attaching them all to lobster clasps so
i just have these pastel pink diamonds
with gold indentations have these lilac
once with gold indentations
Thanks it's just these blue ice quartz
one and there's only one left I also
have this little Totoro keychain let's
just go a little photograph obviously a
little leaf on its head this comes with
a little leaf also a sort sprite for
those of you who don't know these are
from a japanese movie here I've really
got one of these lips I hope you all
enjoyed this shop update video and maybe
I'll see saw you on etsy but if not I
just hope you enjoyed the video please
leave me diera suggestions down below as
I am really stuck with those that moment
and I've get check out my instagram as I
post a lot more frequently on there as I
said before and also one more thing I
would dislike to thank you all so much
for 300 subscribers I left youtube for a
while and I came back and I saw I had
300 subscribers I don't like what anyway
I just want to say thanks and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already closed i will be posting more
frequently from now on hopefully not
promise but i probably most likely will
so thanks all so much again and i'll see
you next time bye I also thought i would
show you guys some of the cute entries
that I got my 2k follow contest on
Instagram it was playing the theme and
it was inspired by my planner charms it
closed a while ago but I sought the
entries really cute so i thought i'd
show a few of them I also thought this
would be a good time to tell you guys
about the hashtags are created which is
pace a TV spired
and it's if you have made something
inspired by me that you can hashtag that
on Instagram so I can picture it in my
upcoming videos oh yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and I'll see you next
time bye